[DEV-1389] Migrate to cms the "Discover our ecosystem" section in home page (#632)
pagopa/developer-portal: .changeset/nine-wombats-pretend.md

Reviewer: The CMS has been changed, so I suggest adding a dedicated changeset file for the strapi-csm module

Reviewer: My bad, this is not true

---
"nextjs-website": minor
---

> Migrate to cms the "Discover our ecosystem" section in home page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow fetching from the CMS the "Discover our ecosystem" section on the home page
```
